I earned a bachelor's degree in Energy and Power Engineering at Xi'an Jiaotong University with an average score of 91.25 out of 100. During my studies, I completed several projects as the primary contributor, including building a metal surface defect detection system, a thermal field simulation device, and designing a sea power generation system. Additionally, I won a first-class scholarship at university and was designated as Honorable Mention Award in the Interdisciplinary Contest in Modeling. Furthermore, I hold three officially authorized invention patents, with two more currently pending. During a 12-month internship at a start-up company, I developed a toolchain for hydraulic turbine design. I documented the entire process in my graduation thesis, which received an A+ grade. The research finding [1] was also submitted to Energy, an international journal.

After graduation, I pursued further studies in robotics and automatic control, working as a research assistant at Huzhou Institute of Zhejiang University. During this period, I mainly worked on robot hardware and algorithms, trying to solve the problems of robots in practical applications. Our work [2], path planning on uneven terrain, was accepted by IROS2023 (IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems 2023), while our research [3] on reliable localization has been accepted by ICRA2024 (IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems 2024). Furthermore, our quadrotor ground effect modeling work [4] was submitted to T-RO (IEEE/ASME Transactions on Robotics). While at the institute, I was privileged to be involved in Huawei's robotics projects, including the mechanical design and flight control of helium balloon robots, obstacle avoidance algorithms for UAVs, and target tracking with wheel-legged robots. Moreover, I am an active vlogger, sharing my knowledge and skills in robotics online. Furthermore, I am an active vlogger, sharing my knowledge and skills in robotics online, and my channel boasts over 5,000 subscribers.

在从事机器人研究一年后，我逐渐意识到，传统的规划和控制已经有了非常成熟的研究和应用了。要使机器人真正应用于人类的生产和生活中，必须使机器人具备基本的思考能力和与环境交互能力，而这些领域的研究还非常初级。因此，我来到了香港城市大学GairLab实验室，从事相关研究。

[1] Full-Process Simulation Platform for Deep-Sea In-Situ Power Generation Systems, Dayu Zhang, Kaixin Chai, Penghua Guo1, Qiao Hu, and Jingyin Li, Energy
[2] An Efficient Trajectory Planner for Car-like Robots on Uneven Terrain, Long Xu, Kaixin Chai, Zhichao Han, Hong Liu, Chao Xu, Yanjun Cao, and Fei Gao, IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS 2023)
[3] LF-3PM: a LiDAR-based Framework for Perception-aware Planning with Perturbation-induced Metric, Kaixin Chai, Long Xu, Qianhao Wang, Chao Xu, and Fei Gao, IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS 2024)
[4] Ground Effect-Aware Modeling and Control for Multicopters: Enhanced Precision and Energy Efficiency, Tiankai Yang, Kaixin Chai, Chao Xu and Fei Gao, IEEE/ASME Transactions on Mechatronics (T-RO)
